Adds documentation for data catalog (#21422)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/r2/data-catalog/config-examples/spark-scala.mdx

        val token = sys.env("TOKEN")

        val spark = SparkSession.builder()
            .appName("My R2 Data Catalog Demo")
            .master("local[*]")
            .config("spark.sql.extensions", "org.apache.iceberg.spark.extensions.IcebergSparkSessionExtensions")
            .config("spark.sql.catalog.mydemo", "org.apache.iceberg.spark.SparkCatalog")
            .config("spark.sql.catalog.mydemo.type", "rest")
            .config("spark.sql.catalog.mydemo.uri", uri)
            .config("spark.sql.catalog.mydemo.warehouse", warehouse)
            .config("spark.sql.catalog.mydemo.token", token)
            .getOrCreate()

        import spark.implicits._

        val data = Seq(
            (1, "Alice", 25),
            (2, "Bob", 30),
            (3, "Charlie", 35),
            (4, "Diana", 40)
        ).toDF("id", "name", "age")

        spark.sql("USE mydemo")

        spark.sql("CREATE NAMESPACE IF NOT EXISTS demoNamespace")

        data.writeTo("demoNamespace.demotable").createOrReplace()

        val readResult = spark.sql("SELECT * FROM demoNamespace.demotable WHERE age > 30")
        println("Records with age > 30:")
        readResult.show()
    }
}
```

> For building this application and managing dependencies, we'll use [sbt (“simple build tool”)](https://www.scala-sbt.org/). The following is an example `build.sbt` file to place at the root of your project. It is configured to produce a "fat JAR", bundling all required dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For building this application and managing dependencies, we will use [sbt (“simple build tool”)](https://www.scala-sbt.org/). The following is an example `build.sbt` file to place at the root of your project. It is configured to produce a "fat JAR", bundling all required dependencies.
```
